Refactor the definition of monads (#1019)
UniMath/agda-unimath: src/category-theory/pointed-endofunctors-categories.lagda.md

# Pointed endofunctors on categories

```agda
module category-theory.pointed-endofunctors-categories where
```

<details><summary>Imports</summary>

```agda
open import category-theory.categories
open import category-theory.functors-categories
open import category-theory.natural-transformations-functors-categories
open import category-theory.pointed-endofunctors-precategories

open import foundation.dependent-pair-types
open import foundation.identity-types
open import foundation.universe-levels
```

</details>

## Idea

> An [endofunctor](category-theory.functors-categories.md) `F : C → C` on a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An endo[functor](category-theory.functors-categories.md) `F : C → C` on a
```

Reviewer: Oh, you did so elsewhere in the PR

Author: Ah, I must have been sloppy. Thanks for pointing that out.
